As always, to translate into canonical English we work from the outside in.
So first,
I replace the quantifier phrase with
its canonical English, "Every x is such that (F(x) and G(x))."
Next I'm going to replace what's inside the parentheses. I replace the main connective, which is the conjunction
with its canonical English, so...
I replace this with "(both F(x) and G(x))". Continuing the process,
I replace the predicates with their canonical English,
"x a fox" and "x is a goose".
Finally, I want to consider whether I can replace my "x"s
with pronouns without introducing ambiguity.
In this case, I can. What I get is:
"Everything is such that both it is a fox and it is a goose".
If you think about what that means,
we can keep going and we try to say that in yet more idiomatic English:
"Everything is both a fox and a goose",
Or, "Everything is a fox and goose".
That doesn't seem like something that's likely to be true,
but that's what that symbolic sentence says when translated into canonical English.